1. we understood the problem statement
2. studied the GenZ study report
3. identified stakeholders
4. data collection
5. data cleaning and standardization in excel
6. data analysis in excel by creating pivot tables for each project questions
questions (1. What is the gender distribution of respondents from India?
2. What percentage of respondents from India are interested in education abroad and sponsorship?
3. What are the 6 top influences on career aspirations for respondents in India?
4. How do career aspiration influences vary by gender in India?
5. What percentage of respondents are willing to work for a company for at least 3 years?
6. How many respondents prefer to work for socially impactful companies?
7. How does the preference for socially impactful companies vary by gender?
8. What is the distribution of minimum expected salary in the first three years among respondents?
9. What is the expected minimum monthly salary in hand?
10. What percentage of respondents prefer remote working?
11. What is the preferred number of daily work hours?
12. What are the common work frustrations among respondents?
13. How does the need for work-life balance interventions vary by gender?
14. How many respondents are willing to work under an abusive manager?
15. What is the distribution of minimum expected salary after five years?
16. What are the remote working preferences by gender?
17. What are the top work frustrations for each gender?
18. What factors boost work happiness and productivity for respondents?
19. What percentage of respondents need sponsorship for education abroad?)

7. then we did the same data analysis in SQL by writing queris for same questions
8. created executive dashboard for following questions
questions( What are the top 5 influences on career aspirations?
Top 5 preferred company types.
GenZ who wanted to pursue a Higher Education
Top 3 work setup
Alignment of company mission and actions
Clarity of company mission (percentage).
Distribution of minimum expected salary for the first three years.
Most common work frustrations.
Slicer as Gender
KPI - Total Respondents
KPI - Gender Distribution (Eg: 60% Male, 40% Female))

9.then created Functional dashboard in power bi for following questions
questions(Manager Aspirations Dashboard

This dashboard aims to analyze the respondents' preferences and willingness to work under certain conditions, such as abusive managers, remote work, and daily work hours.

Columns to Consider:

Daily Work Hours Willingness
Remote Working
Minimum Expected Salary (First 3 Years)
Minimum Expected Salary (After 5 Years)

Working Under an Abusive Manager

If you believe there are other relevant columns for this dashboard, feel free to incorporate them into your design.

Learning Aspirations dashboard

Columns to consider:

Daily working hours
preferred working environment
preferred Manager
preferred learning environment


Mission Aspirations Dashboard

This dashboard is designed to evaluate the respondents' clarity and alignment with their company's mission, as well as their preferences for socially impactful companies.

Columns to Consider:

Mission Clarity in Company Evaluation
Alignment of Company Mission and Actions
Employee Preferences for Socially Impactful Companies)
